Pontoon documentation: update users page, add page for notifications (#211)
mozilla-l10n/localizer-documentation: src/tools/pontoon/users.md

## Creating an account

While Pontoon can be configured to use [different login systems](https://mozilla-pontoon.readthedocs.io/en/latest/admin/deployment.html#environment-variables) (Django, GitHub, etc.), the Mozilla instance hosted at [pontoon.mozilla.org](https://pontoon.mozilla.org/) uses Firefox accounts.

To create an account, click on the `Sign In` button in the top right corner and follow the instructions.

## User settings

User settings can be accessed by:
* Clicking the user avatar in the top right corner, and selecting `Settings` from the dropdown menu.

> * Opening directly the `/settings` URL (e.g. [pontoon.mozilla.org/settings](https://pontoon.mozilla.org/settings/)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Opening the `/settings` URL directly (e.g. [pontoon.mozilla.org/settings](https://pontoon.mozilla.org/settings/)).
```

* Using the `CHANGE SETTINGS` button in the [Profile page](profile.md).

![User menu with profile settings](../../assets/images/pontoon/users/profile_settings.png "User menu with profile settings")

### Profile picture

> The profile picture can be set or updated on [Gravatar](http://gravatar.com/) by clicking the image displayed at the top of the settings page (when hovered, the picture will display an `Update profile picture` message).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The profile picture can be set or updated on [Gravatar](http://gravatar.com/) by clicking the image displayed at the top of the settings page (when hovered, the picture will display a `Change your profile picture` message).
```

Author: That's not what the message is in Pontoon?

Reviewer: You're right, I was looking at the option to change within my profile not settings, which has a different string.
![Screenshot 2023-05-05 at 09 50 25](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/38174554/236518961-10121937-9ba8-454a-8e5f-d6da9d0cd9aa.png)

Reviewer: Updated issue to make consistent as "Update profile picture", so no change here.

### Personal information

In this section it’s possible to update the display name and other personal information:

> * `Display name`: it’s the name displayed in Pontoon, for example when submitting a translation or suggestion. It’s also used as the author name when committing translation to VCS (i.e. git or hg repositories).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `Display name`: it’s the name displayed in Pontoon, for example when submitting a translation or suggestion. It’s also used as the author name when committing translations to a version control system (i.e. git or hg repositories).
```

> * `Username`: this is currently used to generate the URL for the [Profile page](profile.md) (e.g. `https://pontoon.mozilla.org/contributors/USERNAME/`). If not provided, an hash will be used instead of the username.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `Username`: this is currently used to generate the URL for the [Profile page](profile.md) (e.g. `https://pontoon.mozilla.org/contributors/USERNAME/`). If not provided, a hash will be used instead of the username.
```
